Update _index.md (#15144)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security_platform/cspm/_index.md

Security posture score

> : Percentage of your environment that satisfies all of your active Datadog OOTB [Cloud][1] and [Infrastructure][2] detection rules. Formula: `(# of evaluation:pass findings) / (total # of findings)`. Datadog then weighs this formula by severity: low severity detection rules have a weighting of "1" and critical severity detection rules have a weighting of "5". This means critical severity detection rules impact scores five times more than low severity detection rules to put greater emphasis on the detection rules that pose greater security risk. The score is also normalized to treat all resource types and resource volumes the same (for example, 500 failing containers are weighted the same as three failing S3 buckets in the computed score). This normalization factor allows scores to be comparable across your cloud accounts, without the risk that they are heavily skewed if one account has more containers, or another has fewer storage buckets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Percentage of your environment that satisfies all of your active Datadog OOTB [Cloud][1] and [Infrastructure][2] detection rules. The formula used to calculate the percentage is `(# of evaluation:pass findings) / (total # of findings)`. <br><br> Datadog then weighs this formula by severity. Low severity detection rules have a weigh of `1`. Critical severity detection rules have a weigh of `5`. This means that critical severity detection rules impact scores five times more than low severity detection rules. This puts a greater emphasis on the detection rules that pose greater security risks. <br><br> The score is also normalized to treat all resource types and resource volumes the same. For example, 500 failing containers are weighed the same as three failing S3 buckets in the computed score. This normalization factor allows scores to be comparable across your cloud accounts, without the risk that they are heavily skewed if one account has more containers, or another has fewer storage buckets.
```
